hello to all I am ally from
today for a girl who had me
asked so how to make a woman
Indian or African we are called that
very healthy said she at home but I
seen on youtube where most of
you call its African braid
So it's exactly the same thing there
no problem so here I am
execute me in the request
this is my first video so I do not know
at all what will my voice give on the
video
I hope it will not be too shitty
so is good video to all and then so
I'm going to turn around to see you
better what I 'm doing behind this is
will be more convenient so we start
like in fact if you were doing one
half-tail in the first game on top
then in function and is nice and the
matches larger or smaller I'm going
try to make them relatively small
story to close my stress enough
gross stop not more than three kilometers
namèche I tried the time to do in
so that it does not happen to die
and when I turn around and everything to
the time I have hair at the base
curly that I managed
leave a little can happen in them
dry styling
when I was advised against hairdresser
but hey it's okay
so that's it so you start a very
long by taking the highlights on
sides it's not the chrome bones
we see once you've done
this first press you will take
my locks on the sides so there I
took this one a little too big so the
snow and make it very small
so here I continue the braid like
if the shonen is normal because the
machine is my loan I'm going to do
like to grow bigger than to create
so I do not know if you silhouette
that she accepts well mu have managed
September watching the video
otherwise sorry bah I will not be better
because I think it's a problem
with m it does not move too much
this is how I made three communes
once you're done but from
get all your locks for
continue as a normal braid the ars
depending on the size of your hair
red they are not very long so the a13
necessarily and not very long but you
have more or less time to acer
press and saw that you have arms
behind it is possible that after one
trackpad began to have some
cramps in the months but you it's
nothing insurmountable in more calm 13
like as between his name marked to
never on his side to be able to
finish better
is found at the same time
sajoo is what it gives in front of it
not catastrophic for once i'm
rather happy or that's it
I will turn thai for you
can you see what this gives a
besieged moment by means also for me
to control yes so here I hope that
you liked this video I'm going to
return a second time so that
you can see
better to make some sort of stop on
the mat and you can see more
easily what that gives behind
once I manipulate the
hair i hope you liked my
video and then good day to all and
then in hand this is what it gives
the rest is the leader of the timeline alas
our impulses like that
Well, no, I have more than
say goodbye again and a next
times maybe lease